hey people what is going on here be ex with
show another comment today
I call you the one in call of duty
black ops 2 can change really fast
I have three game modes
picked out in which I personally
getting up really fast and the
I will gradually introduce you today
imagine
I just looked at how
most xp and i guess i
I hope I can really give you something
Great show you are now right
fast level
I have two really good tips
for you as I think firstly this
weekend is double xp weekend throughout
call of duty black ops 2 the whole goes
until monday 19 clock and hunting
each console just double that
Experience that means on the playstation
on the xbox on the wii and on the pc
you get the double experience many
will be surprised and go now
Now in the game make a keel and
Seen I still get 100
Points
but we have to be careful that we do that
what you are in the middle of the screens
score points this 100 that a score
points to a next score piece
So to lhotse drone to the vitol unit
and not the experience around
to be able to see to be successful
can if just double xp weekend is
you should just keep playing then
he gets somehow very fast
a medal that is one
double chin or in the sauce and there
then stand xp twice and then you know
first double xp weekend how many xp
you've earned per gaming
the game if you have a lobby since then
in the management report and there looks for
just okay i have this one now
game made 20,000 points of experience
if you take that into account a lot
fun at a double xp weekend and
Now have fun with my tips
first method or the first
play mode of the kind is
So how does one kill confirmed the
conclusion confirmed very quickly
It's easy to play objective and
Collects the completed confirmed marks
on
First, your team wins this
ever brings extra points of experience
Second, it gets alone already
The collection of the text is really many
experience points and thirdly, yes
also score points to your next
scores and if you like your scores
correctly selected before the game
then it just hangs xp
what is the first thing to do today?
soundproof smg and best
something in the direction of extreme conditions
or lightweight so you can quickly get that
can collect tags because you want
especially fast
especially many takes collect
they bring you what you experience
but even more important is what my
main in this game mode is take the
drone the counter drone and the guard
With
because those are 3 conclusion series the
becomes
Very low are you often reach
can each of you several times in
can and will achieve a game and
if you use them correctly
just awesome many
I bring some experience
drones and contact without are clear
every time your team makes a kiel
you get another ten skoda to me
mine is even more
experience points
You always have to balance between sco and
points of experience but what about the keeper
is really great if you are on one
Little web plays and the keeper
correctly positioned that means at one
narrow where the opponents right through
Run and often times to be checked
So then the device market will be
you get 10 but ten experience points
per second
because every second comes a hit marca
and you get a per second stop
10.10 score to your next skurski
and of course also experience points
that adds up all the time and when
you set this guardian correctly i
I have unfortunately missed then hail
it's just experience points and then
could also directly again the
use drones and again the
control and again the watchman and
then it goes off right so plays from
company in the sheath muted smg
drone account drone and watchman so comes
to the next game mode and that is
the position that is a game where that is
with the last time right to the heart
grown is the first time in it
call of duty so this time black ops 2
and if you 're playing objective here , then
if you stay here again and again in the zones
then you can go right here
make many points what is important
the
whenever there is a new zone set
Everything will happen every 60 seconds
there's a new zone somewhere on the
map then you get if you are the first
is this occupies +200 score and
I mean it even more
experience points
which is much better every time
if the opposing team has this zone
is valid then so has conquered and
have gotten good and then you
again they already tried and all
kill in there then you will get it again
again 200 points of experience and always
if you are in the zone side and
someone kills or someone is in the zone
and you are killed outside a war
the city 100 125 points everything was great
awesome if your objects can play
Therefore, you should skim it right here
my next tip next to the following perks
with best like lightweight and
Extreme conditions together with her times
very quickly at the next position
since and what is also very important
bulletproof vest for the opponents
will try you with grenades and
with any things from this
position put out or out
but from the exhibition part out to
come and do everything possible
so take bulletproof vest with it
which protects against grenades since plays
if
the friend again and again in this zone
on it because there are points of experience
without end and the last play mode the
I want to introduce you today
really really cool it to level up their
probably would not have thought it
is sniper yes under the party
games is a game and with
You can really experience someone completely
good for the game mode itself is the whole
yes, as one set up free for all so
every man for himself
everyone has the same weapon and all 45
seconds, this weapon changes
Just try this game mode
out and now just with double xp her
will be surprised how many
Experience points you can get there
small tip from my side tried
careful to play does not go on
higher or less aggressive
the opponent but tries your
build street so you can get the perks
when you get away you are
always superior to your opponents
you see , eternity will be one
right street with this double
execution noble that a fucking weapon
i am have the ports and that's why
I think something in my opinion
after that there is then also
Doubled points what I think
after also an impact on the
experience points I would have one more
I could test a bit more accurate
sometimes write the comments
otherwise I do not know why
this mode so many points of experience
but it is just tried it
It's out of sniper really cool
really that the secret tip of this
videos and otherwise i would say that
thank you write me with them the
Comment on whether it helped which
you like to play the game mode
about to level up quickly
quickly get added or what strong 10
Whatever your goal is and I would
otherwise say black ops 2 to
to fall over I say to the next
that an ex